Update compilers.rst to refer to ROCm Compiler reference (#3815)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/understand/compilers.rst

HIP compilers
********************************************************************************

ROCm provides the compiler tools used to compile HIP applications for use on AMD GPUs. 

> The compilers setup the default libraries and include paths for the HIP and ROCm
> libraries, and some needed environment variables. For more information, see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compilers set up the default libraries and include paths for the HIP and ROCm
libraries and some needed environment variables. For more information, see the
```
